# wreckingbolt145
How I got to high ranks of TSF, TRS and Tactical Triumph despite having no intention to do so, What really goes on behind the scenes, issues surrounding myself and whats next for me.

First up, I decided to get the idea of writing this page after seeing that Demofocus did his and shared it with me, and as am speaking I am currently on my leave in TSF. Here is how I managed to get my way into the team behind TRS and some other stuff that came in its way.

# __The Beginnings and Background__

Prior to TRS, I had been on Roblox since the start of 2016 as a 7 year old and it has bought loads of memories since then however one day I saw a category called "Sports" and I immediately clicked on it and found games like TPS 16, RS16 (Robloxia Soccer which is now discontinued completely as of 2021), RES and so on and on. It made me feel like it was like FIFA but on Roblox as I would always play FIFA on my PlayStation 4 at the time. However during 2019-2020 there was a ro-football game that I full on mastered, SS: Soccer Reborn (made by the person who also made RF) and during its time I netted over 2200 goals in game. 

Also towards the end of 2019 thats when I created the account "wreckingbolt145" having previously intending to use it as an alt however in 2020 I left that account behind due to the amount of restrictions on it which I made in 2018 having lost the login details to my original account. As of today I have not touched the account since September 2020 and have left it there. In 2022 I managed to remember my first account login and I successful logged back in however due to vast progress I made in games using the account you all know me as, I decided to use the 2016 account as my alt. In terms of leagues my first real experience was ECL (English Conferences League) where I would spectate matches every week, however I was only 11 (yes) but I never spoke of my age or made it bait that i was under 13.

# __Discovering TRS__

One day in July of 2022, having not played TPS for a long while I searched for it and stumbled across TRS: Public Pitch. I joined and started practicing and enjoyed the game, at the time I was 13 and then after that I joined the Tactical Triumph group and the Discord server, and really I did nothing as I was not even known to anyone, this was during the time when the dev team consisted of Demofocus, Fxx, NameJenuine, Double, Alfie, Seby and so on. 

They hosted scrims and stuff and I played in them but only had a few good moments as the TRS staff stole the show all the time. Then one day I decided to practice in my private server and then I got admin perms for it and I played around with the commands before discovering that you can host matches. From that point onwards I called people in public server to get them to play in scrims in my server and it was fun and all of that.

# __The first and second attempts of making TSF, The huge failure of Super Soccer and starting to take leagues on a serious note__

Tactical Triumph around December 2022 at the same time they delayed the Super Soccer update they made their own official league for TRS and I joined it where I trialled for numerous teams however unfortunately, the first TSF died and got discontinued for heavy inactivity and then from that point onwards I didn't do much I kept hosting my own scrims and whatnot and waited patiently for Super Soccer, also at this time I was inactive on Discord. However upon return in June 2023 the update was nearly done and then eventually got its release date of July 2023 and then finally the game was launched... 

Well I played it and I hated it. The tools were like Blue Lock and anime in general, and it was just filled with bugs all across no matter how many updates they did, the game remained shit. At that time I felt like TRS was gonna stay like that and having actually spent money on the game I decided that I was done with TRS. However they bought back the old game under "Legacy" but still it damaged my thoughts on the game to the point I literally made a bug report chatting the most shit and dissing the game so much and telling Demo to update Legacy which did not go down well with him. and then by August 2023 the second TSF came to existence and I got signed by a team however you know the story, died and discontinued. Also at the point I took leagues seriously I managed a team in a league that never even had an official despite so much hype. I went to join a league called RVS and became friends with their owner (he is now a TSF staff) and I started to get into refereeing and enjoyed it genuinely and then we merged with a couple of other leagues and became an MMP league, it was my first real experience of owning a league as it didn't need a lot of demand. However it bought me into so many sitations such as admin abuse and corruption of the league and I threatened to leave and get everyone to leave. But im not going into full detail of that situation, that can save for another time. 

# __CFL, and its eventual merge to the TSF we know today__

Amongst these side TRS leagues, I joined CFL and signed for a team however corruption within the team saw me and my teammates walk out on our manager, and I didn't touch CFL since then, however one day Tactical Triumph announces that they are merging with CFL and a couple of other leagues to make the official league of TRS, TSF and I would join it and became a Referee during PRE SEASON 1 and reffed a number of games, however once we got to the middle of SEASON 1 the league activity dropped, ownership became instable and after the TSF Cup final, SEASON 1 was ended however SEASON 2 would not start until 2 months later during that time I was very active hosting scrims and then we kept calling on the current President at the time, Paintballshido to release staff apps and when he eventually did, I felt like I was ready to take on the challenge and I applied for it, 24 hours later I became a Trial Staff, which then I was now going to have to prove to the high ranks that I am capable for the job.

# __TSF Staffing__

Well now that I had become a Staff on trial, I started off by getting involved with some staff related work for the new season and help make sure no one was breaking anything or anything odd goes on. Really at the time I had no relationship with anyone from the TT team or high ranks, I only mainly spoke with Paint as he told me what to do and whatnot, eventually ending with a promotion to Staff. Now that I was a Staff for an official league, I knew that I was representing the TRS community but then one day Paint decided to dip completely and leaving Demo to announce to us that hes looking for a new President and that anyone in the Staff team can apply for it. Seeing that he had said that, I was ironically gonna make a plan and run for TSF President but I quickly abandoned the idea as I thought that I didn't have the time to carry a whole official league on my back and second of all I was too inexperienced at the time. Only a couple of minutes later Fxx comes in and announces to us that Stew would be the one to take the helm and run the league, and he would carry on Paints initiatives for an AFCON SEASON 2 and we continued planning out, getting managers, sorting teams out etc. and I did my work as usual and then a staff above my rank reccomended to Stew to give me the promotion to Head Staff which then afterwards now knowing I had more work on my shoulders and I was slowly having some importance to the staff team. Quickly as this space is a whole yap session let me add that whilst I was Staff and Paint was still around I did not have 2FA on my Discord account meaning that I cannot carry out any moderation actions in TSF and ironically in a attempt to fix it, I got promoted to Board skipping Head Staff and getting congratulated on by people, now that I think about it I shouldve gone ahead and fixed my 2FA and then say it works so I kept Board role. 

Anyways back to the story, where I did quite some work as Head Staff and started speak with Stew and Fxx often in the staff rooms and then eventually in the final quarter of the season, I was promoted to Board and then now as Board has Administrator turned on, consider me a HR at this point although not recognised, one day I was approached by Mazn and Goliat to join their team in which I accepted their offer and joined however not long after that Mazn was no longer assistant manager and Goliat was looking for one to take the assistant manager role and then I put myself up for it and he choose me to become assistant manager. Also Goliat did the most surprising thing for Burkina Faso which was sign Demofocus despite he don't play. Now one day I hosted friendlies in the team and whilst I pinged the players to come into the VC, Demo joins and obviously this became our first real interaction we spoke a bit I asked some good questions and it went uphill from there onwards which also included him gifting me nitro for 2 weeks and so on. I would give him feedback for TRS where possible and so forth. 

And then the SEASON 2 FINAL which I was supposed to ref however I pulled out due to work, was my first real big final for a season as a staff, I organised commentary which Chrisa, whom many of you know as a commentator would commentate the game alongside me originally, but as I mentioned I pulled out due to work. Burnaldo took the refereeing duties and reffed the game and once I finally got back home extra time had just kicked off and I joined the stage as I wasnt able to get in the match server due to it being locked for anti-lag purposes and quickly watched and spoke. There was 4 of us in the stage, myself, Burn, Chrisa and Pirated (not a staff or commentator, but volunteered to stream the game for us) were doing the duties and once the server got unlocked via a stoppage in play I quickly got in, got modded and helped assist the rest of the game. After the game I sorted out the winners roles and then SEASON 2 came to a close and we started preparing for SEASON 3. We were preparing as usual but then came an incident where the Vice President Zed along side Pinki who was Head Staff for several incidents got demoted down to Staff which I will not go into detail. As we had no VP, Burn went into that position and I remained working to my levels as a Board.

# __TSF Presidency, The Challenges and the incidents behind the scenes__

One morning, Demo came into my DMs saying that he is trialling me as VP and also added me to the Presidents GC. I was congratulated upon arrival however I discovered that they were planning to see if I did well in VP, they would get me to run the league. At this point Seby became President after Stew had volunteered to go to VP however he had then retired and then left TSF. We started the first 2 weeks of SEASON 3 very well however all of a sudden, the activity basically was non existent and that Seby had given up by the end of the first half of the season, keep in mind I was also manager of AC Milan at the time and had done very well only losing Serie A by 1 point. Towards the end of August, I finally completed the journey through the TSF ranks with my final promotion to President. Now that I was in charge of TSF, I made a poll to ask if the community wanted to stop SEASON 3 and move onto SEASON 4 seeing that this season was uncompletable. We ended the seasons and then one day Demo calls me and we had to discuss the new season plans and whatnot. Seeing that TFA the second biggest league in TRS were doing well, Demo wanted 74 and Ioanes to become Presidents in TSF and help me run the league. And then we made the S4 World Cup, and reformed several departments within TSF, however only 2 weeks into this Ioanes lost his presidency due to a serious incident reported against him. 

This left me and 74 as Presidents and Seby as the VP, which is still the case today. We had one of our most successful seasons in TSF, with the World Cup and the revival of TSF, which honestly I have to praise and credit 74 here. SEASON 5 ended up being successful too, a UCL and UEL double gave oppurtunities and made the league enjoyable. Moving towards to SEASON 6 as I will not be here until June 20th 2025, Seby has planned up some excellent ideas which I think will exceed with the community demands. Obviously there was many incidents behind the scenes most notably the Alfie and Demo arguement over stuff related to TT and that really put TT afloat and on the brink of its bubble popping. The game got taken down and then reinstated and I was seriously that close to leaving TSF, I had a resignation notice drafted but then Demo apologised for the incidents to me personally and we were good to go. Another thing to make note of is how this community loves me and I love them back, yes there are some who absolutely hate me but I honestly couldnt care less. Another challenge was facing criticism for taking stuff the right way and getting hated on at times but I stood my ground and insisted on what is best for everyone.

# __Life behind the scenes and my troubles__

Firstly life is never perfect, you will go through loads of tough shit and whatnot however there are great sides to it too, I have a family that I love and we do a lot together. I have loads of things to do in a day and try get through it as best as I can. However whilst I head off on leave, I have to confess about many issues I got involved in such as selling and using vapes as a 15 year old having started at 13, my serious addiction to drugs which I want to stop and get myself back on track and nearly getting robbed at knifepoint.

**Vaping:** Before I begin, I strongly advice you to not take anything I mention here seriously, as of writing this I have not vaped for 6 weeks, and sold all my collection away so I make money and they dont go to waste. In 2022, I got interested in vapes because at the time I thought it was cool and shq so I managed to get my hands on one and I felt good after and slowly became addicted over time and then managed to get myself a whole collection to sell and make money off. However as of not long ago it has come back to me, recently I have been called out by bare man in school for selling vapes especially to youngers and on the last day of school before Christmas, I was caught vaping by a teacher and faced internal exclusion for 2 days upon return. Considering that I was going on leave, i decided to quit selling and got rid of my collection.

**Use of drugs and getting addicted:** You all know that I am happy most of the time when speaking to you lot, but unfourtunately I turned to using drugs at 14 and despite not having done anything for months now I still get the urge to go and do it and I dont know how to get rid of the addiction which took a toll on my health and obviously it is something I did wrong and fell into the habit of. Plus I have already smoked before 18 and for me it dosent feel right hence why I gave up quite quickly.

**Nearly getting stabbed/robbed:** I dont like talking about this one but oh boy I have to make some confessions here, one time I was walking wearing an LV pouch on in some next up area and out of nowhere 3 tall big black men come out and threaten me with a knife and tried making me hand over my phone and the pouch however I found an opening and quickly escaped, hiding in a shop for over an hour and a half before calling my brother to quickly get me back home. Another occasion this time when I was with my friends, we all got held at knifepoint near a train station and whilst me and some of the others managed to escape, my friend decided to give his fake airpods to them since they were fake so why not?

**Having an older sibling in prison, that i was close with:** This one is a very sensitive topic that I tend to avoid but I will have to confess to it, when I was 9 my brother got into some beef and next thing I know is police coming to our house and I was told to stay in my room and whatnot, and for many years my older brother told me and so did my parents that he was only on holiday, however at 11 I realised that he was in prison, that same year he came out and then went back in for other shit which I will strictly never talk about what he did and how long hes there for. Upon clocking that he is in prison for a while I got heavily pissed off and started losing it at home. But then he assured me that nothing will go wrong and he will be a changed man. I visit him quite often in where his prison is and speak to him over the phone on a daily.

**Getting into beef and trouble in school:** This is the last trouble I will speak about, despite having a good behaviour record I got involved in major shit in school and got suspended.
